To-Do List for projoint R library

Yusaku plans to do the following (ideally before the first release)
a) Make a function to estimate all MMs (all levels for all attributes). 
b) Make a function to estimate all AMCEs (all levels for all attributes, given baseline attributes).
c) Make a function to visualize all MMs (like Leeper et al's figure)
d) Make a function to visualize the difference in all MMs by two subgroups of respondents (like Leeper et al.'s figure)
e) Make a function to visualize all AMCEs (like HHY's figure)
f) Make a function to visualize specific (choice-level) MMs. 
g) Make a function to visualize specific (choice-level) AMCEs.
f) Write an article explaining how to make subgroup comparisons of choice-level MMs
g) Leeper et al.'s package does now allow researchers to use the same levels for more than one attribute (e.g., Teaching quality = {High, Low}, Research quality = {High, Low)). This is a major problem in their package. Since we separate the reshaped data frame and the data frame that includes a list of attributes and levels, we can avoid this problem. We should say that (and discourage researchers from using their package).
h) We should also have a page (perhaps in Getting Started page) explaining why choice-level anaysis is much more useful and interesting.





Necessary for First Release
1) Add input argument to allow tau to be either specified or estimated (DONE)
	a) When a specific tau is given, add noise via the SD of the binomial dist (more conservative SEs)
2) Vignette
	a) A data set with a repeated task (DONE)
	b) A data set that is a Qualtrics csv that has NO repeated task (to show how to specify tau) (DONE)
3) Documentation
	a) Expand upon the roxygen descriptions with the above vignettes
	b) Note that weights, interactions, hettx coming soon
4) Unit tests
	a) Figure out this -- maybe I can hire an RA
5) pkgdown
	a) Pages explaining how to set up JS/php using Anton's software
	b) How to set up a repeated task in Qualtrics
	c) How to estimate
	d) Explanation of how some of our code fixes bugs in cj etc
6) Automatic plotting
7) Functionality for users to specify attribute orders, level orders, base categories
   (better than cjoint) Prints out:
Default,AttributeLevel,NewOrder
1,att1:level1,
2,att1:level2,

Then users say dat$NewOrder = c(2,1,3,4,5)

OR

users can save as csv and add in the column manually, then read back into R


Future Versions
1) Adding weights (as per Kosuke's paper) -- do we have a data set with weights we can test with?
	a) Read Kosuke & Naoki's paper again and find the data he uses
	b) https://imai.fas.harvard.edu/research/conjoint.html
2) Interaction effects
3) Heterogeneous effects?
